README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Catalog of Things

> This is the final group project for Ruby to develop a console application implementing the Catalog of things displaying the list of books, musics, movies, and games. It is developed using Ruby.

## Built With

- Ruby
- IRB 
- VS Code 


### Setup

Copy this link https://github.com/AsimKhan2019/Catalog_of_Things/.
Get the directory that you want to clone the repository.
Open the command prompt in this directory.
Write git clone git@github.com:AsimKhan2019/Catalog_of_Things.git.
Go to the repository folder in your command prompt cd tdd.

### Install
Install Ruby using WSL 
Install Ubuntu after system restart
Create .rb file to write in the actions
Add methods to the .rb file  
Run the commands
Install the latest Ruby Installer 
Open the VS Code and install the bundles after creating the GEM file 
Create .rb files for each class 

## Authors

👤 **Asim Mehmood Khan**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/AsimKhan2019/)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/vtechbiz)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/asim-khan-9bbb4211/)


👤 **Fadahunsi Samuel Seyi**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Fadahunsiseyi)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/fadahunsiseyi/)


👤 **Brian Nyachae**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Bria222)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/briannyachae9)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/brian-nyachae/)

## 🤝 Contributing

I will open issues in the Issues section of the project. Feel free to add your comments to the issues

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- To my team they have helped me
- Thanks to Microverse study material and guidelines

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

add unit tests for books

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Catalog of Things

> This is the final group project for Ruby to develop a console application implementing the Catalog of things displaying the list of books, musics, movies, and games. It is developed using Ruby.

## Built With

- Ruby
- IRB 
- VS Code 


### Setup

Copy this link https://github.com/AsimKhan2019/Catalog_of_Things/.
Get the directory that you want to clone the repository.
Open the command prompt in this directory.
Write git clone git@github.com:AsimKhan2019/Catalog_of_Things.git.
Go to the repository folder in your command prompt cd tdd.

### Install
Install Ruby using WSL 
Install Ubuntu after system restart
Create .rb file to write in the actions
Add methods to the .rb file  
Run the commands
Install the latest Ruby Installer 
Open the VS Code and install the bundles after creating the GEM file 
Create .rb files for each class 

`
## to run tests for the application 


rspec spec spec/book_spec.rb

`

## Authors

👤 **Asim Mehmood Khan**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/AsimKhan2019/)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/vtechbiz)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/asim-khan-9bbb4211/)


👤 **Fadahunsi Samuel Seyi**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Fadahunsiseyi)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/fadahunsiseyi/)


👤 **Brian Nyachae**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Bria222)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/briannyachae9)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/brian-nyachae/)

## 🤝 Contributing

I will open issues in the Issues section of the project. Feel free to add your comments to the issues

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- To my team they have helped me
- Thanks to Microverse study material and guidelines

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
